Updating language to Versionless (#5889)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

:::note 

> This functionality is only supported in dbt Core v1.8+ or accounts that have opted for a ["Versionless"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#Versionless) dbt Cloud epxerience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is only supported in dbt Core v1.8+ or accounts that have opted for a ["Versionless"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#versionless) dbt Cloud experience.
```

:::

Historically, dbt's test coverage was confined to [“data” tests](/docs/build/data-tests), assessing the quality of input data or resulting datasets' structure. However, these tests could only be executed _after_ building a model. 

> With dbt Core v1.8 and dbt Cloud environments that have gone versionless by opting to "," we have introduced an additional type of test to dbt - unit tests. In software programming, unit tests validate small portions of your functional code, and they work much the same way here. Unit tests allow you to validate your SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs _before_ you materialize your full model in production. Unit tests enable test-driven development, benefiting developer efficiency and code reliability. 

Reviewer: sugg: typo so maybe something like this or similar

```suggestion
With dbt Core v1.8 and dbt Cloud environments that have gone versionless by selecting the **Versionless** option, we have introduced an additional type of test to dbt - unit tests. In software programming, unit tests validate small portions of your functional code, and they work much the same way here. Unit tests allow you to validate your SQL modeling logic on a small set of static inputs _before_ you materialize your full model in production. Unit tests enable test-driven development, benefiting developer efficiency and code reliability. 
```
